there has make all the shots but to feed
they still have to find a way to break
in
these bins are only bear proof if
they've been closed probably unlike most
mammals bears are surprising they're
nimble on their hind legs they can keep
both feet flat on the ground when
standing the talents they share with
humans and a definite asset for a life
of crime
bears also have a similar digestive
system to us and actually favored cooked
food over raw so they eat the chips and
leave the salad but then who doesn't
competition approaches in the wild bears
often fight over fools and only the
brownest wins the right to eat but in
Mammoth the pickings are so rich that a
peaceful solution can usually be found
besides when your heads in a box the
extra pair of eyes can keep a lookout
for the law these two size one another
up then they seem to agree that the town
is big enough for both of them the bears
of mammoths have become well mammoth
some of them reach a staggering 650
pounds more than twice the weight of a
bear relying on wild food
strangely it isn't unhealthy for a bear
to be fat they naturally pack on vast
amounts of weight before hibernation and
have evolved a different way of storing
fat from us their fat cells grow in size
rather than number ironically junk food
is better for bears than for us